So this one is a thing
that we started doing at
that I've started having my troops
do that I've started doing.
And we call this building
a personal brand database,
it's a little bit different
from what they usually call it.
I don't know if y'all ever heard
this term brag document, right, so
you've heard this.
So essentially, what this is, this is
a highlight page of all the things you've
built, you've written, all the talks
you've done, and whether you've been at
meetups, things like that,
all the conferences you've been to,
all the positive things you've
implemented on projects, all that stuff.
This is the highlight reel of it.
Now, that now is a part of our
personal brand database where we
also have the assets,
the colors needed for our projects.
No, we're gonna use our projects,
our portfolio head,
our biography,
things of that nature, all right?
So I think I have mine.
So yeah, here's my brand database.
I actually made this into a template for
you as well.
So you can go on to the reap the repo, get
it, grab it, I use Notion for everything.
So that's just what
I've been using Notion.
Notion is my new Bible,
I put everything in there.
And it's like my new brain, I love it.
So this is my brand database.
I have two sections my brag document and
my biography.
So my biography I have the picture
that I use for everything except,
of course, Frontend Masters they decide
to use like their own photo of me, boo.
All right, I have this very,
very long biography, this intentional, so
that way I can chop it up
based on what's needed.
Like, hey, if I want to go to ChatGPT and
like, "hey, can you make this the size
of a tweet, and they will be like,
okay, cool, sure, here you go, right?
I have my preferred web font and
colors in here.
Preferred web font is Gotham,
which became famous during
Barack Obama's first campaign,
so that's been my favorite one.
These three colors,
we call ' they're the hashflag color.
So f6f6f6, hashflag white,
hashflag blue and hashflag red.
So got a little, bam,
right there, that's shareable.
And my brag document,
how the brag document is.
I, of course, start out with here, and
I make sure every link has
its own home for each one.
So my projects all have a link,
my blogs all have a link,
everything I've written has a link,
every article I've been on has a link.
I just keep this document going so
that way everyone I have this,
I can grab from regardless of where
I'm planning on going to, right?
This is eight years of work.
One day, you're gonna be there, like, I
started off with nothing, just like y'all.
So, here's your brag document.
This is how it should look.
You should have everything on here.
Your projects, take it to another level,
make everything searchable on
a different format, right?
The reason why we do this is
that we want to make things,
we want to be able to move
fast in today's world.
Especially when you're building your
portfolio, you have to prepare and
gather this stuff, right?
Cuz you're building your projects first,
building your README profiles out.
You're doing all these other parts
before you're doing a portfolio.
When you need a place to
store all this stuff.
Where's you gonna put your user stories,
right?
Where you gonna put your case studies
that you're doing for your projects,
your mockups, right?
Like you need to be able to store this
stuff in a place that you can quickly grab
it as you're building your portfolio out,
right?
That's the number one job of the database,
right,
is to take everything you have and
be able to help push it to the next level.
So it helps you get
a polished LinkedIn profile.
It helps you have a whole list
of things in here for you.
So you can identify your brand
new elements, i.e your web fonts,
things of that nature, as we saw with me,
your bio, have your core values,
your unique skills and expertise,
your professional achievements.
And it comes to his passions and
interests, personal professional goals,
relevant information,
the list just goes on and on.
You don't have to use Notion.
I've seen people use Airtable as well and
I've also seen Trello.
Having the best examples,
I haven't been on Trello, but
Airtable and Notion have been the ones
that I've seen work the best for this.